Here are some things to do, in no particular order.

Write more unit tests.

Switch to setuptools.

Use single representation for netlists/AST

Generate schematic from abstract syntax tree (assume horizontal layout)

Perhaps store initial circuit using time domain representation, then
convert to s-domain for analysis, instead of waltzing straight into
s-domain?

Speed up residue calculation  (perhaps can try without taking limit...)

Handle mechanical and acoustical components.  Perhaps lower case for
mechanical/acoustical.  For example,

Force      f  (N)
Mass       m  (kg)
Spring     k  (N/m)
Damper     r  (kg/s)
Velocity   u  (m/s)

Support both electro-mechnical analogues?  cct.electrical_analogue(1)?
m -> L, C
k -> C, L
f -> I, V
u -> V, I

Expand two-ports, xtals, opamps, etc.   cct = cct.expand()
Perhaps have arg to expand to select components and/or types of
component to expand?

When expanding, still need to know original nodes for determining
voltage, say across a capacitor when it expanded into a series
comb. of an impedance and voltage source.  Perhaps retain the
component in the netlist but prefix it with some symbol such as @.
So C1 2 1 5 2 expands to
C#1 2 dummy 5
V#1 dummy 1 2
@C1 2 1 5 2

The @symbol says not to draw or analyse cpt.  But the name C1 will be
added to the directories for the current and voltage.


Generalise two-port representation to avoid transformations from a
singular matrix.

Determine pre-initial conditions for voltage and current sources.
Will need to add v0 (and i0) attributes.  For DC this is the same as
the value.  For s-domain expression it is zero.  For time domain
expression need to consider limit, sym.limit(texpr, t, 0, dir='-')


Add Vsin and Isin.


Add consistent mapping of unit step, dirac delta, etc.

Warn user when calculations may take a while, say when inverting a
large matrix.

Handle multiple SVG images displayed in notebook due to problems with
shared namespace.

Perhaps add H, I, V, Y, Z methods to Expr classes to create
appropriate subclasses?

Automatically separate parallel components when drawing (except open
circuits).  The tricky part is adding enough space for the labels,

Add || operator to sympy!

Push for Sympy to consider lower limit of Laplace transform integral
to sneak past 0 so that DiracDelta(t) -> 1 instead of 0.5


sym.limit(sym.DiracDelta(t), t, 0, dir='-') -> 0

